{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab593
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 This app was made as a fun way to pass the time with a basketball hoop and ball (whether mini or full-size) during shelter-in-place in Spring 2020, with a certain college tournament otherwise cancelled.
\f1 \
\

\f2\b\fs28 Game Rules
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0 Games are built with four rounds, made up of 10 shots of escalating value: 1 point, 2 points, 3 points, and 4 points. Clicking on an individual basketball to make it orange will count it as a made shot; leaving it gray will not be counted.
\f1 \
\

\f0 Points are only displayed at the end of all four rounds for each team, and then a statistics view is also available to show percentages by round.
\f1 \
\

\f0 If overtime is needed, an additional 10 shots is given per team, with each basket worth one point. An additional 10 shots is added per additional overtime period, as necessary.
\f1 \
\

\f2\b\fs28 Shooting Hand
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0 Each team is given a random selection to shoot either right or left-handed, set so that the "better" team has a better chance to shoot with their dominant hand. This chance is calculated separately for each team (i.e. both teams could end up shooting with the same hand) based on historical win probabilities in the tournament when those seeds face each other. Equal seeds, or seeds that have never faced each other, have a 50 percent chance of either hand. Single games outside of tournaments operate as if the teams are equal seeds.
\f1 \
\

\f2\b\fs28 Single Game
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0 A single game will consist of players selecting two teams, with a 50% chance for each team to shoot each right or left handed; as noted above, this is calculated separately, so each team could end up shooting with the same hand.
\f1 \
\

\f0 All teams in Division 1 are available to play with, not just tournament teams.
\f1 \
\

\f2\b\fs28 Tournament Mode
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0 Tournament mode requires the user to select an initial bracket, and then can select individual games to play by round. The currently viewed round can be changed with the +/- button from within a single tournament's menu, although games will be unplayable until both teams have been decided for a given game (typically applicable to later rounds).
\f1 \
\

\f0 Both men's and women's tournament brackets are available.\
\
You may simulate, and therefore not play, individual tournament games (but not single games), or even an entire tournament, where desired; the winner will be based on historical win probabilities, as used for shooting hand determination in a non-simulated game. Note that no statistics will be recorded, and the winner of each game will be given a winning score of 1 to 0.
\f1 \
\

\f2\b\fs28 Live Game Scores
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0 Live game scores are obtained through the ESPN API.}